Hi, I'm Tim Horton from
the Safari and WebKit team,
and today I'm going to show you
how easy it is
to ensure that users get
beautiful, rich presentations
when sharing links
to your website in Messages
and elsewhere on the system.
Imagine that a user of your site
is reading about
your latest new product,
and wants to share a link to it
with their friend.
They'll use the Share Sheet
in Safari
and send it via Messages.
On the other side,
their friend will see a very
inviting link to tap on.
I'm going to walk you through
the straightforward steps
you need to take
to get your link looking
just as good as these.
First, we'll talk about
customizing the title.
Then, about adding
helpful icons.
And then large images,
to make our links really pop.
Then we'll go a step beyond
the links we've seen so far
and add autoplaying
inline video.
And finally,
we'll finish up with a few
other resources you can use
to help improve your site.
So, let's jump right in
by customizing
the title of our link.
You likely already have
an HTML  tag
in the  of your pages,
and that will work just fine.
There is a little bit of
unnecessary duplication
between the title
and the domain, though.
We could change
the page's title,
but in this case, we still want
the window title in Safari
to have the Apple suffix.
So instead, we can add another
tag to our page's .
This is a  tag,
with the name "og:title".
The "og" there
stands for "Open Graph,"
which is the standard
that specifies
the names of these tags.
The web browser will still
use the  tag
for the window title,
but the rich link will use
the "og:title" instead.
Now we have a nice title
with no redundancy.
It's best to keep titles
unique and informative
so that rich links contain
at least as much context
as the URL would have provided.
You should also avoid
duplicating the site name
in the title,
since the domain name
is also provided
on the second line of the link.
It's important to keep in mind
that JavaScript does not run
when creating rich links,
so the Open Graph tags
need to be in the source
of the page
and cannot be
generated dynamically.
Next, we can spruce up
our link a bit
by adding an icon.
There are many ways
to specify icons,
from favicons
to Apple touch icons,
and it's likely your site
already uses one of them.
If it doesn't, the best way
to add an icon
is by adding a "link rel
equals icon" tag
to your site's .
And this is what our link
looks like now.
For some pages,
this is all you need.
If a large hero image
doesn't make sense,
you can stop here.
But in our case,
we have a nice big image
that is specific to this page,
so let's continue on
and make our link even nicer.
To provide an image
for a rich link,
we can add another Open Graph
meta tag to our  --
this time, "og:image".
The content is just
the URL of the image.
Now our link looks just like
the real one on apple.com!
You may have noticed that
we don't show the icon
if we have an image.
It's still a good idea
to specify both,
because there are times when
we'll fall back to the icon --
for example, in cases of
poor network connectivity.
You should only use "og:image"
for interesting images
that are specific
to the particular page.
Generic fallback images --
like your company's logo
or a user's avatar --
should be icons instead.
Images should not include text.
Rich links are presented at
many sizes, across many devices.
The same image will be shown
all the way from Apple Watch
to iPad Pro,
and text in an image
will not scale well
across all of those.
And as I mentioned before,
you should still specify an icon
even if you also have an image.
Now we'll take our link
a step beyond images
and introduce an autoplaying,
autolooping video.
All that's needed for
inline video
is yet another Open Graph tag.
This time, "og:video".
The URL should point to a small,
downloadable video file
of any format that iOS and macOS
can natively play.
As you see,
the video plays inline.
If the video contains audio,
it starts out muted but
with the option to unmute it.
If you can't host
a video file yourself,
you can instead point your
og:video at a YouTube embed URL.
YouTube videos won't autoplay,
but the user can tap
to play them.
It's important to note that
this is specific to YouTube;
other embedded players
will not work.
When adding video metadata
to your site,
it's important to
keep the size in mind.
The icon, image,
and video together
are limited to 10 megabytes,
and the smaller they are,
the faster the link will appear
and the happier your users
will be.
You should use
directly referenced video files
for the ideal
autoplaying behavior.
And like I said earlier,
except for YouTube,
embedded video that
requires HTML or plug-ins
is not supported.
I hope you'll take
this information
and go and add Open Graph
metadata to your website
to make sure that when
your users share links to it,
they get the best
possible experience.
For more information and
additional resources about
what we've talked about,
use the links in
the Resources section
associated with this video.